test(prepro): add unit tests that use nextclade (#4696)
loculus-project/loculus: preprocessing/nextclade/tests/ebola-dataset/README.md

# Test nextclade datasets

> We use the very simple ebola dataset with only a reference and an alignment for testing. Additionally, we only look at a subset of the genes and they have been additionally annotated with their ebola subtype. For example the "NP" gene for the ebola-sudan subtype is annotated with "NPEbolaSudan", the "VP24" gene with "VP24EbolaZaire" etc. This should make testing easier.

Author: ```suggestion
We use a very simple ebola dataset with only a reference and basic gff3 file for testing. Additionally, the gff3 file has been cut to a subset of the genes and they have been additionally annotated with their ebola subtype. For example the "NP" gene for the ebola-sudan subtype is annotated with "NPEbolaSudan", the "VP24" gene with "VP24EbolaZaire" etc. This should make testing easier and keep the config more readable.
```
